we have seen
earlier the regression problem uh where
we have effectively to model a
conditional probability distribution at
the output of our predictor now we
actually switching to a new task it's a
classification task where again we will
solve this task using The Vaping block
diagram again we will need to model our
predictor with a conditional probability
distribution but in classification our
Target variables are distinct and
discrete random variables rather than
continues so in this kind of setting
I'll motivate the classification uh task
with a simple use case is actually going
to be called the radar problem and uh
we'll uh that's what we will start with
uh
next in this uh setting the use case the
application we will see uh is a
well-known application back in the uh uh
Second World War
uh the uh Battle of England
uh was W primarily from uh the erection
of these
towers uh this was actually called the
radar Towers uh whose job is was to
transmit a
signal uh towards the um France where uh
from France the Nazi airplanes were
coming in uh to bomb
London and uh the every time that the
this uh waveform was impinging into some
large object on the sky like a plane it
was returning back uh into what we call
the radar
receiver and uh there was kind of a
human operator over there in uh uh on
the on each kind of Tower with an access
to a uh a kind of a telephone device
over there and every time that there was
um a strong return
uh of a strong signal that was received
in the radar kind of a receiver antenna
it was uh he was um calling London and
millions of people were well the sirens
were sounding and millions of people
were actually running uh to the tubes uh
stations to tube stations to uh uh save
their lives that was the application and
um this application is evidently present
in any modern car today that has uh
exactly the the same ability to um have
Raiders located in the uh let's say in
the front uh of the car to send exactly
the same signals uh and every time that
you have a feature in your car that it's
automatic um what is called uh automatic
uh distance keeping uh to the vehicle in
front of you that is exactly the same
thing um it was returning back that
Reflection from the car in front and uh
controller is actually trying to keep
the the velocities between your car and
the car in front of you constant and
therefore maintain a desired distance
between the two cars but anyway I would
motivate it with this um sort of uh
application which is the uh World War II
application because also back then a lot
of the terminology that we will cover
today it was also uh first
invented uh and uh just to see exactly
what is actually happening here we have
a some kind of a time
plot of a quantity that will be calling
X and it will be designating for us the
so-call
signal
strength of or received signal strength
or power and very simplistically we have
some you know some
fluctuation received power when we have
a return a strong return from a plane
and in nights where we don't the attacks
were usually during the night
uh that uh when we have no return we
still have some fluctuating signal power
much smaller than
that um and uh okay our uh receiver uh
is going to have just one knob that knob
is going to be called the threshold will
symbolize it with W it's a scalar value
that it is uh anything that exceeds it
is going to
let's assume that this threshold value
is set to this kind of level everything
that exceeds it is going to be called
the
predicted uh that is uh well not
predicted is we're going to sound the
alarm and anything that it is not
exceeding it uh we are going to not
alarm anyone alert anyone and we
will uh call that uh the no attack case
so our problem is um a binary
classification problem what we call
binary because our now Target variable
as compared to that regression can only
take two values one we will call this
the so-called positive condition the
attack is going on and zero we will be
calling this the So-Cal
negative uh condition and uh our uh job
here uh now that we are in uh uh the
2020s we are going to solve this problem
of determining the uh value of that kind
of threshold using kind of uh machine
learning approaches so we have uh what
we will do is we will task a a military
person over here to sit and observe what
is really happening every single day so
uh first night uh records the signal
strength X1 and Records also whether
attack has happened or not X2 the same
way uh and so on if they survive we will
uh keep them if they not we have to
replace them with somebody else uh so XM
ym that's our let's say we have
aggregated M examples of um what is has
happened at our receiver and as before
we progress into specifying what is
really the uh problem statement I just
want to U convey some kind of an
intuitive fashion of what is happening
so this was the soal attack signal
strength and this was the uh no
attack uh signal strength the sort of uh
time series of all these kind of
observations night after night and we
have um
um the problem to solve is to come up
with an optimal value for the threshold
you can understand that the threshold is
quite critical in determining whether um
how the system operates uh if we set the
threshold too high uh this means that we
will be um missing quite a lot of
attacks and evidently people will die if
we set the threshold too low um this
means that we will be
uh uh waking up
everyone um
unnecessarily uh the um first night they
will believe us and you know uh return
to their beds uh uh disappointed somehow
or relieved uh the second night they
will still believe us they will go down
to the tube um but after the third night
they will stop believing us and when a
real ATT happens uh people will uh also
die so
uh the system will lose complete
credibility so the choice of this W is
uh uh is quite critical so our
predictor the Y hat that we have to
predict at this moment in time we will
treat this as a one and zero later will
become uh a number between zero and one
is also going
to return um our prediction predictor is
going also to return one or zero for the
positive and
negative condition respectively okay so
that is uh the problem statement how to
set up this W
optimally um and as you can understand
uh I can uh just after uh just before in
the regression kind of problem we had
introduced uh the probabilistic nature
of every predictor so what what we will
do
now is uh we
will
draw two probability
distributions and uh let me just draw
this probability distribution let's say
this so this is a probability
distribution of X we have here on the x-
axis our signal strength
uh and uh one of them is going to be
called the probability of
X and uh when no attack is happening and
this is the probability of X when the
attack is happening and as you can see
uh these two prob distributions can be
easily obtained U as histograms by just
uh going back to uh our uh data tape uh
the data set that we have created
and recorded and uh select all the rows
where the Y Target variable is zero and
obtain this histogram and visit all the
corresponding rows where the Y is equal
to one and plot this corresponding
histogram so in terms of plotting the
histograms this is uh definitely a a
very I will call it a easy exercise and
as you probably notice from the shape of
these histograms we have not really made
any uh assumption with respect to U
gaussianity or nothing like that they
are definitely plotted as non- gausian
uh type of probability
distributions and the moment I have um
and also another another sort of evident
uh that uh thing that is actually going
on with this problem is that there is a
very strong overlap between the two uh
histograms when we have the signal
strength between no attacks and attacks
as you can see also here from the time
series plot uh there's a quite
significant overlap between the two and
um that's of course due to properties of
radio wave propagation uh the um uh
waveform emitted from this kind of radar
station can be pinched on the sea
surface and uh go into some kind of uh
other transverse other kind of paths The
so-call multipath Fading situation uh
some of you may have observed fading
while lening to analog radio stations uh
uh such as am and FM uh back in the old
days this were the only radio stations
that we had access to uh and also you
may have uh sort of experienced exactly
the same situation uh where you are
going in and out of coverage holes using
your cellular devices the um important
thing about the uh sort of
u
u overlap is that let's assume that I
have selected here a value for my
threshold
W and uh the moment I have if you like a
threshold W I can uh start clear uh
defining certain areas under those
probability distributions that will be
of great interest to me so I want to
shade the first probability uh tail
which is this
one I want also to shade this
uh and area and also want to say with
horizontal stripes this
area so these three areas are I think
will be quite important
um now uh the overlap means that since
there's no absolutely clear uh
separation between the two prob
distributions um we are always going to
make some form of mistake we always
going to have mistakes
and in fact we can clearly distinguish
uh four
um four
conditions uh and we will tabulate them
with with what we call the confusion
Matrix uh on the one axis of the
confusion Matrix we'll be assigning this
axis to uh the so-call ground truth and
the other to the prediction the yut
and uh when the Y hat
is positive and negative and this
positive and negative agrees to the uh
with the ground truth then we will uh be
calling this correspondingly true
positive and true
negative uh in fact it's actually quite
common to write first the letter the
second letter as a pneumonic uh rule
write first the second letter and put a
word uh the letter T in front every time
the that you have agreement with ground
truth in the uh case where you predict
there is an attack going on but you are
wrong uh you are prepending it with the
um uh letter F stands for false so we
have false positive here and here we
have also false negative we are
predicting negative but we are wrong and
therefore we have the so-called false
negative events the
overlap as compared to the case which is
uh
quite unrealistic in practice where we
have some form of significant separation
between uh the uh two histograms like
this and this and therefore it's easy to
select something of a threshold W that
will separate the two conditions
perfectly the So-Cal linearly separable
uh case um is not present here um so we
are going to uh so let me just uh delete
it uh to avoid any confusion is not
present here so we always going to have
in other words um these two uh type of
events present uh in our uh problem and
uh before I describe what was actually
happening every time we get uh this
threshold W to not be set optimally when
the threshold W is Set uh uh too high uh
then we are
missing uh the um uh events uh that are
actually attacks that are actually going
uh will will happen and therefore we are
going to be um increasing our Force
negative so we are predicting that no
attacks is happening while in fact they
are and if the W uh is set too low uh we
are going to be increasing the false
positive uh rate and in fact we will be
um alerting uh sort of
uh the people to go down to the cube but
um unfortunately no attack is actually
going
on now that we have recognized that we
always going to make mistake as
manifested by this
confusion Matrix
um we are uh interested to just qualify
these mistakes and quantify those
mistakes by just understanding uh the uh
probability of uh making a
mistake this is uh definitely the
probability of uh when we make uh where
our prediction why hat
is not equal to the ground Ruth y
and this is happens in two instances the
first instance is when we
have the probability when we make the uh
prediction that no attack is happening
when in fact there is an attack
happening
plus the
events when we are making the opposite
claim and uh I think it's worthwhile now
now trying to understand what is
happening in this what are those
probabilities and how they related to
these histan we have plotted the moment
we have
um specified the threshold location over
here w we have split the region into two
parts the first region is called r0 and
the second region is called
R1 and um now that we have this uh uh
region names I think the region names
are also intuitively
uh kind of understood because this zero
index here corresponds to the case where
we declare anything as we said below the
threshold W is there's no attack uh uh
we are predicting no attack so that's
the what the zero is here and anything
above the w we have we predicting attack
is happening and that's why the one is
there we can actually start uh putting
this probabilities quantifying these
probabilities based on the area uh under
uh the those those cures
and we I hope you all remember that
probability for continuous random
variables such a signal strength over
here is uh sort of manifested by such
kind of areas so what I'm going to do
now is I'm going to declare that this
probability the first probability over
here is uh equal to the
probability that I am making uh a
prediction uh such as my
uh X belongs to the region
r0 when in fact uh the ground truth is
uh one so I converted the Y is equal to
zero to uh all the events which are uh
to the left of w so all the events where
X belongs to this kind of region are
zero and uh the uh do the
same belong to the region R1
when Y is equal to
Z all events of X greater than W in
other words all X's which are belonging
to the region R1 so it is exactly
equivalent to to those uh uh convention
that I had about what is uh y hat is
equal to one and what y hat is equal to
zero so this one uh the probability that
X belongs to the region
r0 uh when
Y is one corresponds to the left tail of
this uh probability distribution so this
probability distribution but only the
left tail so you can see here that the
whole probability distribution here the
whole histogram is p of X Comm y = to 1
but here I'm interesting only for the x
equal to r0 so it's the summation of
this vertically St striped and this
bubbly kind of area over there so I am
going to write it as an integral
probability of X comma Y is = to
1 DX and I'm going to take this and
actually do exactly the same for the
R1 probability of X comma y isal to 0 DX
and now if I actually start uh relating
what I actually wrote here with the
counts that I have count it I can count
through a random realization of this
experiment um from my kind of a uh
looking at the predictor output and
looking at the ground truth over here I
can understand that this is corresponds
to the false negative
rate and this corresponds to the false
positive
rate and uh definitely this is uh the
false negative because I am actually
predicting that no attack is happening
and uh uh in fact I'm wrong and the
corresponding here uh case where I'm
predicting that the attack is happening
and in fact I'm also wrong so the false
positive uh and the false neg the false
negative and the false posi are related
to the entries of the confusion Matrix
here that are uh definitely present uh
and countable using this kind of
histograms and as we discussed our role
here is to find the optimal W uh and I
just want you to understand how visually
we can be persuaded that is in fact
there is an optimal W and that optimal W
will minimize the probability of making
the mistakes you cannot make make it
zero because as we discussed we do not
face in this situation uh linearly
separable data set but at the very least
we can minimize the summation of false
positives and false negative
events and uh imagine that that you are
moving uh that W in the left side over
here so trying to move this line to the
left and uh look what's happening as
you're moving into the left gradually
you will come
uh so maybe two snapshots are enough to
see what is
happening so in the first uh value of
this W to the left of the previous kind
of w what we are actually uh achieving
is we
are uh
going to whatever we are losing in terms
of area out of our this vertically
striped area we will be gaining in terms
of the horizontally striped area having
said that we actually start seeing
reduction of this bubbly area and this
area will start to be reduced and
reduced and reduced up to the point
where we reach what will be
calling the W
star the optimal w
uh and thus optimal W is the W that
minimized this probability of mistake
simply because in that location the
bubbly area got eliminated
completely and the summation of the
therefore of the false positives and
false negatives that included it uh uh
is the minimum
possible so actually we can write that
uh sort of optimizing
the W towards W
star uh will be
done
using the
well-known to us stochastic gr descent
algorithm that
uh
minimizes the
probability of
mistakes probability of making a mistake
so the misclassification error or also
called
misclassification error eight so this
will be done now that we have some kind
of a visual motivation of what we're
trying to achieve here we now need to
understand how we can also motivate um
in the next discussion an objective
function and that it is going to be
suitable for uh our uh problem here
which is the classification problem in a
similar way as we have done with the U
earlier loss function we have used
initially was called mean square error
and then it was also called cross
entropy so we'll do that
next the come up with uh this objective
function before we go and discuss that
let's
review uh the so-called classification
metrics the classification metrics that
uh there a couple of classification
metrics will be of interest to us they
will be entirely based of course on the
previously described confusion Matrix
and the first matric I want to address
is called the true positive
rate the second metric is well the the
Dr postive rate is comes with many names
um and many of them have been sort of
originating from various kind of domains
electrical engineering computer
science um and others so uh in computer
science this also is called
recall in electrical engineering this is
also called probability of detection and
many other domains quote it as
sensitivity
it's one and the same thing and I just
want to mention all of them just in case
you come up with um come across one of
the of the many so this is the ratio
between true
positive and true positive plus false
negative so this is a a ratio that uh is
definitely going to uh be of of concern
to us and and of interest to us every
time we have to evaluate a classifier
and the second metrix that I want to
quote and have some discussion about
those metrics a bit later is a so-called
precision and this Precision is another
ratio of true positive IDE by true
positive plus false positive and if you
follow the this video uh where we have
plotted these histograms in the binary
classifier when the so-called the radar
problem and you probably uh understood
the tradeoff that exists between false
positives and false negatives as we were
moving in fact uh the uh as we were
moving the value of the threshold uh w
we were changing uh the areas under
those two histograms and of course uh
here we we were trading all false
positive or false negatives in our
attempt to find this optimal kind of W
uh in a very similar way we can actually
claim that now that we have uh the those
metrics uh
the tradeoff between false positives and
false negatives is evident over here U
uh in in in the following trade off so
let me write it this
down uh so we can say that
because as W
changes there is a
tradeoff uh between
uh false positives and false
negatives uh we can actually claim that
there is a
tradeoff
between uh
recall and
precision because recall and precision
everything is exactly the same in terms
of numerator and portion of the
denominator but only the uh false POS
and false negatives are present there so
this is actually an important tradeoff
that will be of of great interest to us
uh as we will always finding ourselves
uh making that kind of tradeoff for
classif classification architectures we
will be designing soon uh the other
um metric it's not really a different
metric but it's a way to present uh
performance metrics classification
metrix is this uh what we call the
So-Cal receiver operating characteristic
and we actually call it receiver
operating characteristic from uh those
days in the 40s when they were deploying
this kind of
Radars and I will describe it as uh the
curve uh that we can plot by changing
the threshold W in the x-axis over here
it is the false positive
rate also known as a false alarm from
those days the probab ility of uh the
probability of false alarm PFA and the Y
AIS is called recall evidently the same
thing as a true positive rate and
definitely we have a probability of
false positive rate that goes from one
uh from 0 to one and the probability of
recall true positive rate that goes
again from 0 to one because there are
probabilities and therefore we'll find
this Cur of constraint by those values
and the
U as we change the
threshold uh we will be able to plot to
draw such
cures some of these curves are going to
be like this let me plot three
cases so case let's say
a case b and case C
and I think it's reasonable to
understand now what is uh the best
possible classifier we can ever design
which is of course not achievable uh
right now um and it's not achievable in
any case we have uh such cases of
overlap between positive and negative
classes and that uh point over here is
uh this is the sort of go of
Ideal and unrealistic operating point
this care as we discussed is called
receiver
operating
characteristic for
R and every and each and every curve is
being plotted by having a
classifier and tuning if you like it's
par
ameters adjusting its parameters the
threshold more specifically and same
here this is supposed to be a diagonal
line
45 um and let's compare between uh
three different
classifiers um which one uh do we
believe that is actually the best one um
and it's actually a very uh
straightforward kind of answer uh if we
draw let's say um a horizontal kind of L
line uh the classifier a is offering
exactly uh the uh same performance as
the
recall but at a much reduced probability
of false alarm or false positive rate as
compared to classifier
B and of course much much better than
classifier C and therefore either we
draw a horizontal line or actually you
can actually draw a vertical line we can
make the same argument a is offered a
much better uh probability of uh uh true
positive uh as compared to uh B and as
compared to C for the same uh false
positive rate and therefore we can
actually write this kind of preference
relationship in this specific case so
recall the um recall and force positive
are involved in plotting this kind of
curve to give us a if you like a
graphical view of how the classifier is
is behaving in various kind of operating
conditions and when we tune this
classifier and we choosing the W the
specific W start that we have seen
earlier we effectively operate at a
specific operating point at that point
we will be um sort of constantly
operating and uh we will uh in many
senses we will need to make different
tradeoffs uh between positives and uh
false positives and true positives in
various
applications so let me write this down
that uh uh each
point in the
ROC
corresponds to a
unique
setting
of the threshold
W so that is uh you know as kind of a
short summary of um a couple of
classification metrics that will be of
interest to us and uh the receiver
operating curve uh and we will also have
another curve called recall versus
Precision this Curve will be introduced
in another video um and we'll be
discussed uh uh then
in an early video we saw how maximum
likelihood was motivating every uh uh
the underlying you like objective
function of of every prediction problem
and so binary classification will not be
an
exception uh and we started with the
regression problem and we saw how
maximum likelihood and cross entropy are
ultimately connected now we recognize uh
the functional form of the so-call
binary crossentropy loss function which
is uh for spe specifically for our
binary classification problem and we
will be motivating this by recognizing
that uh in regression we had a p mod
which actually was gausian in binary
classification we going to need to
actually uh have a probabilistic model a
probability distribution which is really
appropriate for our uh discrete uh
random variables uh that are the are
wise so our form of myp model of let's
say y given an X comma
W this y over here is definitely a
discrete and in fact binary so I have
seen already um in the discussion of the
entropy video uh coing and I know that
at that point I have quoted beri
distribution as
uh uh the appropriate propability
distribution for our uh model and the
beri distribution let me write it with
all words over
here is given as y hat to the power of Y
1 -
y the^ of 1 - y let's spend some time
kind of understanding this uh if
my ground truth is
one uh this P
model of Y
had of Y sorry given
X comma W is simply
y uh because uh the Y is is one so this
is zero and therefore this term hole is
one so the only thing that remains is y
and in fact this is a very important uh
conclusion
uh in a sense that uh uh from now
on uh in binary classification all I
need to produce at the output is uh this
uh uh a single floating Point number
between zero and one so it's a
probability so it's going to be zero
between Z and one for sure I'll be
calling this probability uh when Y is
equal to 1 the probability of Y is equal
to 1 given X comma w in fact uh I can
write it as
a the
model and this is actually going to be
called the
posterior uh probability and we
recognize the term posterior already we
recognized it when we had this
probability review uh lecture uh and in
that kind of video we have actually seen
that uh posterior it means after we get
to observe the AIS our uh data what can
we say about our uh Target variable Y in
this case so the posterior probability
distribution is going to be called yck
so that's uh that is what our classifier
is going to from now on uh going to be
producing and that this posterior being
a probability means that we are uh have
inherent the ability to uh provide an
uncertainty about our pred
prediction we are going to uh let's say
report the
0.82 as let's say the output of the
positive class and this means that we
are going to be 82% certain that we have
a positive uh event at the output of our
classif fire and if we have already
reported the output of a positive event
then uh when we are dealing with the
negative case our P model over here that
we have selected of Y given X comma W
will be simply be 1 minus y
because uh with Y is equal to zero then
this becomes one and this becomes one
minus y hat so immediately we can
actually
get the corresponding uh uh P model for
uh the C of the negative case in fact I
don't need to write anything else in
this
point maybe I can do maybe I can write P
model of Y is equal to Z given X comma W
and this was shown to be 1 - y so I
don't even need to produce uh a vector
in the output of my binary classifier
just with one value uh from that value I
can deterministically obtain the other
for the negative class so if I have
produced 0.8 for the positive class then
the probability uh of the negative class
is 0.2
okay so that's uh kind of an important
conclusion of this kind of discussion
and the uh beri distribution which is
obviously very appropriate for uh binary
events at the 0o one or the So-Cal coin
dossing distribution of heads uh versus
tales and if I remember uh the um uh the
maximum lack kind of discussion and the
so-called cross entropy in that kind of
cross entropy I had the following uh
formula which is equally applicable to
any predictor I had a y cat comma Y is
minus the
expectation of X comma
y my examples according to the so-call P
data High
distribution uh log P
model of Y given X comma
W and this
is uh definitely um the the result that
we have seen uh earlier and just want to
contrast that against uh you know what
we have seen earlier we had an
underlying probability distribution
where our data is and uh uh definitely
this P data had distribution is uh
effectively the uh table that we have
seen
earlier the distribution that governs
the uh training data uh or the data that
we we have recorded uh with all our kind
of ground truths so the BET data High
distribution is present in here uh so no
no changes what we have seen earlier
it's just a different type of data and
I'm actually interested to um go ahead
and calculate this term over here and
this term can be trivially calculated as
log of uh my P model is uh why to^ of y
* 1 - y the 1 - y or
log y to the^ of Y plus log of 1 - y to
the^ of 1 - Y and this is uh U of course
making the use of the uh log of the
product is the summation of the logs
identity and this is uses another
identity this is y log of y hat + 1 - y
log of 1 - y hat and for those who
remember the discussion of the entropy
we have seen a sort of identical kind of
term in the uh presentation of the
binary kind of entropy uh uh graph the
coin tossing during the the coin tossing
experiment so let's uh plug this in into
this formula and at the same time we
will replace the expectation with a
sample mean so from these two we can
conclude that the cross entropy the
binary cross entropy so I'm just going
to put a capital B in front to
distinguish for the cross entropy for
multiclass problems it is y hat comma
y minus 1 / M summation from I is equal
to 1 to m
of
Yi log of Yi
hat plus 1 - y
I log of 1 - y i
hat definitely this is uh a very easy to
evaluate this uh is definitely a a
scaler which is indicates to me whether
how well am I doing
and uh this is the loss function that is
going to govern from now on uh our
binary classification uh problem and uh
we are need to use it as an objective
function and when we minimize it
equivalently we will be reducing the
probabilistic distance between the P
data hack uh that uh is present in my uh
data set that is actually given to me
and the P model which as we discussed
here is of the beri distribution
and now we can just go ahead and plot
that in fact let me just go and plot
this
term and this term can
be plotted over
here so the x-axis I'm going to plot it
against the Y hat the Y is for uh the
probability of the
positive uh and uh this is my binary
cross entropy in fact I will call this
term the so-called inner term to avoid
confusion with something that involves
an averaging over many of those inner
terms for each of the
examples uh and each of my predictions
uh I have obviously um a term over here
a real number I can trivially calculate
so let me call it the inner term over
here in the Y AIS and if I plot this
term then I will get something that is
going to look like
this so the uh probability let's
interpret this um uh graph uh when the y
height is one means that I am 100%
certain that uh this is a positive event
that has happened and this means that
the uh uh probability so this curve
corresponds with uh I forgot to mention
that this curve corresponds is plotted
when Y is equal to 1 for the specific
ground truth when my ground truth agrees
with me then I'm expected to get um uh
the inner term to be zero as intuitively
understood I'm 100% in agreement with
the uh ground truth here uh the um on
the other hand when I'm predicting the Y
had to be uh 0 point let's say 05 over
here and this means that I'm
predicting uh the positive to be
0.05 and uh in other words I'm
predicting the negative to be
0.95 I'm predicting that a no attack has
happened with 95%
confidence um then I'm actually going to
and my ground Ruth disagrees with me I
am going to incure a huge
loss uh so I can actually sufficient to
say here that BC
uh
penalizes
confident confident wrong
decisions such as
0.95 but wrong
decisions and actually can draw also the
uh kind of corresponding care
for y is equal to Z
zero and it should be symmetric
obviously in the handwritten kind of way
this is they are not symmetric here but
this is kind of quite important to
realize the behavior of binary cross
penalizing confident wrong decisions
so now we have uh everything that we
need to draw a block diagram and uh this
block diagram is applicable in fact
to all sorts of predictors and we have
already um seen regression now in
classification so let me just throw the
predictor as this box over
here we have seen that in the regression
setting a linear model a DOT product in
other words between uh the parameter
vector and features and we also seeing
here um a classifier but we have not
really discussed yet the functional form
of what the classifier will actually be
but whatever this classifier is uh is
going to uh so this is either for
aggression or
classification uh and input X is going
to come
in in general it has many dimensions a y
height is going to be produced at the
output and uh over here we're going to
have the um let's assume that this is
now for
U I mean let's call it a loss function
and the loss function will be the mean
square error um or uh the the cross
entropy in fact the we will show that
the cross entropy um is able to
accommodate both mean square error um as
well uh and as as well also the binary
concenter we we have just seen so the
output of this kind of loss function so
this loss function should have some
knowledge of the ground ruths Y and uh
we are going to obtain a scalar number
uh of the
loss uh for um and then the scalar
number
is going to be effectively fed into a
block that it will calculate the values
of the gradient of the loss with respect
to the parameter Vector
W and this is part of the stochastic gr
descent algorithm we have seen and the
output of this block is going to be
called the param parameter update
that we will accept a learning rate that
we actually call
EA this uh will also accept as a high
parameter the mini batch that we have
actually called
MB and uh it will the parameter update
formula will provide for us and will
update for us the vector W of all the
parameters involved inside this
predictor so this is a very generic
block diagram that we allow us to uh
train and uh therefore
optimize any any uh machine Any
prediction machine we have uh seen up to
this point